Update User Guide - import/export an application context (#9283)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/user-guide/application-context.md

!!! note
    The **Window title** is the name of the browser window.

> [MapStore](https://mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/mapstore/#/) allows the user to **Import** a context with all the configurations of the context by selecting the <img src="../img/button/import_button.jpg" class="ms-docbutton" /> button. The import screen appears and the user can drag and drop a context, in `json` format, inside the import screen or select it from the folders of the local machine through the <img src="../img/button/select-files.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MapStore](https://mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/mapstore/#/) allows the user to **Import** an application context  by selecting the <img src="../img/button/import_button.jpg" class="ms-docbutton" /> button. The import screen appears so that it is possible to drag and drop there a previously exported context file or select it from the local machine through the <img src="../img/button/select-files.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button.
```

<img src="../img/application-context/import_context.gif" class="ms-docimage"/>

> After entering the context name, in the *general settings*, the user can also **Export** the context with all the configurations of the context by selecting the <img src="../img/button/export_button.jpg" class="ms-docbutton" /> button. The export screen appears and the user exports the context, in `json` format, by clicking the <img src="../img/button/export_button.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a valid context name is specified in *General settings*, it is possible to **Export** the context with all the configurations introduced up to that point; this is possible through the <img src="../img/button/export_button.jpg" class="ms-docbutton" /> button. The export screen appears and the user exports the context, in `JSON` format, by clicking the <img src="../img/button/export_button.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button.
```

<img src="../img/application-context/export_context.gif" class="ms-docimage"/>

!!! note

>     The <img src="../img/button/import_button.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button is only available on the first step of the context wizard, the *general settings*, while the <img src="../img/button/export_button.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button is also available in the later steps of the wizard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The <img src="../img/button/import_button.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button is only available on the first step of the application context wizard (the *General settings*) while the <img src="../img/button/export_button.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button is always available with the only condition that a valid context name has been specified.
```
